it is Friday and we are oh wait a minute
it's Friday Friday everything's great
okay so we're ready for a big day of
caching only but wait look this is what
happens when Minnesotans come farther
south no it's it's snowing oh I went the
wrong way it's kind of like a little
kind of like a little house in here it's
like really pretty with the let's just
not let us know in the green blooming
please check this out right here that's
pretty are there any uh any travel bugs
in there oh no travel bugs we are at the
KT cabins community center we've come
all the way from Minnesota just to be
here today let's see that's cool where
was it all right we are at a cash called
the departed and it's in a cemetery how
creepy is this here we go we're going up
the stairs Oh a pile of sticks at the
beautiful pile of sticks yay look at how
pretty that is here you see if you can
get me out lately all it's even more
beautiful here's another shot through
Narnia Jeff of course leading the way
because you can't let anybody else find
a cache ladies first oh yeah oh yeah
I actually found a cache today I found
another one but I did I like I didn't
record that I don't I let you I don't
record the ones i find cuz typically
because i don't to brag you know all
right we're in Mount Vernon Illinois we
are getting very very close to moga but
we thought we'd stop at a cash first
before we get there because we're not
ready to check into our hotel yet but
we're at a cash cult so confused and you
gotta check out this is a great place
for a cash very funny so confused are
you confused
didn't get reinforcements in up tile oh
you're gonna pull it out of the actual
cash they're all after all that Dropcam
barn indoor vaina alright Bart did you
get yesterday or today yesterday okay so
this one's pretty fun this one's called
squirrel paradise and there's lots for a
squirrel to to play with alicorn thing
right there got some feeder thing right
there it looks like that's got all eaten
up I don't know what goes there anywhere
anyway and the cash right there so it's
fun for people to carioca pon1 not time
ya know I typically don't like caches
that are like right in the middle of
somebody's yard see his yard but when
they put some creativity to it and put
their catchy name on it one of the
things i was mentioning to these guys
this is one of the best things about
about road trips to travel it is eating
out and check out this Jefferson joy
steak and shake Steak and Shake
delicious peanut butter cup and ariakas
got the dark chocolate nummy yeah and I
have nothing but a diet coke it's okay
cuz I'm gonna be ready I'm going to be
so fast tomorrow in moga I mean I might
break a record mean Jeff we might break
a record if jeff doesn't hold me up
come out what do you have to say about
that Jeff I can't disagree for that
going to slow you down no we're here
we're in line are our and look at
one-eyed Willy when I Willie check oh
it's patches stuck to his face I'm sorry
my 2,000 cash 2000 bring it on down get
down closer closer